High we finally finish this section here.
Congratulations you did a great job if you win all the way now.
At the end of the section here I told you that we will be practicing so we will be using this app here
that I may for you guys.
So that way and when I say you guys I mean ladies too I know that some ladies are taking the course
so this is this practical app here is found if you've seen a folder on your practical app exercise firewalling
you of course exercise files called Inside the Demel folder right here practical app this is your practical
app right here.
All right if you want to find the best way to do that it would be on your local whoas.
Them all on the score practical iPhone app and I put it on the score there just to put these folders
on top.
Here's what I wish you could see it because if I don't pull on the score it will probably do alphabetically
and it will be something right in the middle somewhere.
So I want you to find them so that's why I put it on the score on the beginning of the file so that
way we'll put it all the way on the top.
OK.
So we're using this app here to do some exercise.
Now how do we start using this.
All right.
So I'm going to go here to our coeditor and I'm going to open this
as a matter of fact I think I already have it opened here somewhere right here.
OK.
So all you have to do is if you have not actually I think just by opening the hold them for that you
have access to these two folders right here so you can see right once you drag them on to your code.
Or you should have access to it.
If not just go to the first page here on the score practical app and just click here and you are there
actually your home would take it to the home page once you get typing like this practical app and click
it in your home page right now.
We will be doing this.
All right so how do we start using it.
Really simple.
Let's go to the practical app.
Click here on the first one that BHP which is the first section there.
All right here we have the code for the page of course with other functions.
These are files that you don't need to be concerned about.
This is Files that I'm using for the application but here on the steps here on the content on the meta
of the lecture here the file here you need to be concerned about is the steps I laid out the steps here.
Step one use the echo function to say hello we H.T. mail H-1 tags embedded inside BHB.
All right.
So this looks like this here because I'm having a little resolution but anyway instead to write a comment
above the function so this is a really simple function going to show you how to do that.
Now as a matter of fact you should know how to do that.
Pause the video and start doing it.
And then if you have any problems then I will go ahead and help people post a video now and do it all
right.
Hopefully you were able to pause the video and did it yourself.
If not you only hurting yourself so make sure that you do it.
Well you can learn more.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do it ourselves now.
So what I'm going to do is says the way eco function and I do an eco functions here and I just to say
hello I'm actually the morning say no right.
And I say I'm going to say hello
H-1.
Right.
Here we go.
And then we need to put a comment on top of this.
And the come would be something like I'm going to do a one line comment for was for Slash and it's going
to say this function says hello.
That's it.
That's all I want you to do there I want you to get in the habit of doing that and save and come back
here.
Let's go to Section 1 and see what's going on.
There we go.
A function saying hello.
All right.
So this is it for this section here.
Now go to the next practice session.
And while I see you the next practice session once you finish all the lectures on there.
All right thank you so much and hopefully you are enjoying this and I see you then